README.md, before:

# Nuxt App Template

This repository contains a starting point for building a Vue.js application with Nuxt 3. It integrates a variety of libraries and tools designed to kickstart development, achieving a quick 80-20 from the get-go.

## Features

- Framework: **Nuxt 3** https://nuxt.com/
- CSS Framework: **Tailwind CSS** https://tailwindcss.com/
- Component-library: **Shadcn-vue** https://www.shadcn-vue.com/docs/introduction.html
- Animation-library: **Auto-animate** https://auto-animate.formkit.com/
- Store: **Pinia** https://pinia.vuejs.org/
- HTTP: **Axios** https://axios-http.com/docs/intro

# Setting Up

To get started with this Nuxt 3 app template, follow these steps to clone the repository, install dependencies, and run your application.

## Clone the Repository

First, clone the repository to your local machine. Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command, making sure to replace `YOUR_REPOSITORY_URL` with the actual URL of your repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/alsey89/nuxt-template [your-app-name]
```

## Install node modules

Go into the app folder and run install.

```
cd [your-app-name]
```

```
npm install
```

## Run the dev server

Run npm run dev to start the hot-reload dev server.

```
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

doc: add instructions for template users

README.md, after:

# Nuxt App Template

This repository contains a starting point for building a Vue.js application with Nuxt 3. It integrates a variety of libraries and tools designed to kickstart development, achieving a quick 80-20 from the get-go.

## Features

- Framework: **Nuxt 3** https://nuxt.com/
- CSS Framework: **Tailwind CSS** https://tailwindcss.com/
- Component-library: **Shadcn-vue** https://www.shadcn-vue.com/docs/introduction.html
- Animation-library: **Auto-animate** https://auto-animate.formkit.com/
- Store: **Pinia** https://pinia.vuejs.org/
- HTTP: **Axios** https://axios-http.com/docs/intro

# Setting Up

To get started with this Nuxt 3 app template, follow these steps to clone the repository, install dependencies, and run your application.

## To use as a template

On Github, select the **Use this template** >> **Create New Repository**. Then clone the repository and go to the install node modules step.

```
git clone [YOUR REPOSITORY URL]
```

## To contribute to the template

First, clone the repository to your local machine. Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command, making sure to replace `YOUR_REPOSITORY_URL` with the actual URL of your repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/alsey89/nuxt-template
```

## Install node modules

Go into the app folder and run install.

```
cd [your-app-name]
```

```
npm install
```

## Run the dev server

Run npm run dev to start the hot-reload dev server.

```
npm run dev
```
